Update README.md files for Measurement Plug-In Client generator (#891)
ni/measurement-plugin-python: packages/generator/README.md

Measurement Plug-In Code Generator for Python (`ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-generator`) is a
tool for generating reusable measurement plug-ins using gRPC services.

Measurement Plug-In Client Generator for Python (`ni-measurement-plugin-client-generator`) is a

> tool for generating python clients to interactive with the measurement plug-ins.

Reviewer: 'to interact with...'

> For installation and usage, see [Measurement Plug-In SDK for Python (`ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-service`)](https://pypi.org/project/ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-service/).

Reviewer 2: This link text is wrong because -sdk and -sdk-service are separate packages now.

Author: I observed -sdk-service is referred as -sdk in other README.md files like 
[https://github.com/ni/measurement-plugin-python/tree/main/packages/sdk#introduction](url).
[https://github.com/ni/measurement-plugin-python/blob/main/packages/service/README.md#measurement-plug-in-sdk-for-python](url)
Should we consider updating them too?

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should fix that. It's confusing to call multiple packages the same thing.

Author: I have updated the relevant sections to install the -sdk package directly in all README files, instead of separately installing the -sdk-service and -sdk-generator packages.

- [click >= 8.1.3](https://pypi.org/project/click/8.1.3/)

---

## Developing Measurements: Quick Start

For installation and usage, see [Measurement Plug-In SDK Service for Python - Developing Measurements: Quick Start](https://pypi.org/project/ni_measurement_plugin_sdk_service/#developing-measurements-quick-start) section.

---

## Generating Measurement Clients: Quick Start

This section provides instructions to generate custom measurement clients in Python using Measurement Plug-In SDK for Python.

### Installation

Make sure the system has the recommended Python version is installed. Install Measurement Plug-In SDK Service for Python using [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/).

``` cmd
REM Activate the required virtual environment if any.
pip install ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-service
```

Check if you have installed the expected version of Measurement Plug-In SDK Service for Python installed by running the below command:

```cmd
pip show ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-service

> ```

Reviewer 2: Wrong package?

Author: Yes! I have changed the documentation to install only -sdk package.

### Generating a Minimal Python Measurement Client

1. Install the `ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-generator` package.

    ``` cmd
    REM Activate the required virtual environment if any.
    pip install ni-measurement-plugin-sdk-generator

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Don't repeat the installation section.

> 2. Run the `ni-measurement-plugin-client-generator` tool. Use any of the command line arguments below to create Python measurement clients.

Reviewer 2: "Use any of the command line arguments below" is misleading. You can't mix `-i`, `--all`, and `--module-name`. Maybe it's better to delete this sentence entirely.

>     1. Run this command with optional arguments to create measurement clients for specific measurements.

Reviewer 2: Starting the outer and inner list elements with "Run X" makes it sound like you are repeating yourself.

Don't ["bury the lede"](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/bury_the_lede). Put the use case first, then put the extra info about optional arguments, etc. second. This applies to all three use cases.

>         ```ni-measurement-plugin-client-generator --measurement-service-class "ni.examples.SampleMeasurement_Python" --module-name "sample_measurement_client"  --class-name "SampleMeasurementClient" --directory-out <new_path_for_created_files>```

Reviewer 2: Put optional options in square brackets.

        - `--measurement-service-class` specifies the measurement service class for which the client is being generated.

        #### Optional:
        - `--module-name` and `--class-name` define the module and class names of the generated client. If not specified, they are derived from the measurement service class name.

        - `--directory-out` specifies the output directory for the generated files. If not specified, files are placed in the current directory.
        

>         > **Note**: For multiple measurement client generation, `--module-name` and `--class-name` are ignored and derived from the service class of each measurement. So, ensure that the measurement service class name adheres to proper naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: "When generating multiple measurement clients" would be more clear than turning it into a noun

        `ni-measurement-plugin-client-generator --interactive`

3. The generated client includes four APIs: `measure`, `stream_measure`, `register_pin_map`, and `cancel`. The usage of these APIs is discussed in the section ["Steps to Run/Debug the Measurement Client".](#steps-to-rundebug-the-measurement-client)

> **Note**:
> - The Measurement Plug-In Client is compatible with all datatypes supported by the Measurement Plug-In.
> - The Double XY datatype is not supported for measurement configurations (inputs).
> - For Enum datatypes, the generated enum class names will be the measurement parameter name suffixed with 'Enum'. For instance, if the measurement parameter name is 'Enum In', the generated enum in the client will be `EnumInEnum'.
> - Ring control in LabVIEW measurements will be represented as numeric datatypes in the generated client.

---

## Steps to Run/Debug the Measurement Client

1. Make sure the required measurement service is running before interacting with it via the client.

2. Use the client APIs from the ["Developing a Minimal Python MeasurementClient"](#developing-a-minimal-python-measurement-client) section.

>     1. For non-streaming measurements, use `measure` method.

Reviewer 2: There is only one `measure` method so use "the". Ditto for `stream_measure`.

        ``` python
        from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
        
        client = SampleMeasurementClient()

>         outputs = client.measure()

Reviewer 2: Might as well add `print(outputs)` to the other use cases

        ```

    2. For streaming measurements, use `stream_measure` method.

        ``` python
        from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
        
        client = SampleMeasurementClient()
        outputs_itr = client.stream_measure()
        for index, outputs in enumerate(outputs_itr):
            print(f"outputs[{index}] = {outputs}")
        ```

>     3. If a measurement requires a pin map, it can be registered using the `register_pin_map` method. By default, `sites` is set to 0.

Reviewer 2: `sites` is not a number, it's a list.

Both of these list items mention the `sites` property in text but neither demonstrates it in code.

Author: Added code snippet to set `sites`.

        ``` python
        from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
        
        client = SampleMeasurementClient()
        client.register_pin_map(pin_map_path)

>         output = client.measure()

Reviewer 2: outputs

        ```

>         - Alternatively, you can provide a pin map context through the `pin_map_context` property. Similarly, sites can be provided through the `sites` property.

Reviewer 2: Why: when calling a measurement service from another measurement, you can pass the first measurement's pin map context to the second measurement.

        ``` python
        from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
        
        client = SampleMeasurementClient()
        client.pin_map_context = active_pin_map_context
        outputs = client.measure()
        ```

>     4. Cancel any ongoing `measure` or `stream_measure` calls using the `cancel` method.

Reviewer 2: There is only one ongoing call, because multiple ongoing calls are not supported. 
```suggestion
    4. Cancel an ongoing `measure` or `stream_measure` call using the `cancel` method.
```

        ``` python

>         from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
>         
>         client = SampleMeasurementClient()
>         thread = threading.Thread(target=client.measure)
>         thread.start()
>         client.cancel()

Reviewer 2: This is not a good example of how to use threads because `threading.Thread` doesn't give you the result.

```suggestion
        from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor
        from sample_measurement_client import SampleMeasurementClient
        
        client = SampleMeasurementClient()
        with ThreadPoolExecutor() as executor:
            future = executor.submit(client.measure)
            client.cancel()
            outputs = future.result()  # Raises grpc.RpcException with status code "CANCELLED"
```
